Package.json - It is a configuration for npm. It keeps a tracking what version it is installed.
Package.lock.json : Keeps a track of the exact version
NPM - It is a package managaer and it will manage all the packages and install in our system. Sometimes  It doesn't have full form
Dependency :  Dev (Development phase, when we are developing it required dev dependency) and normal (Used in production also)
 "devDependencies": {
    "parcel": "^2.13.2" - '^' If we use '^' when we get minor update it will install that 
                          '~' If we use '~' when we get major update it will install that
  }

  npm - It install package
  npx - It executes the package

HMR - Hot Module Replacement
      It means that parcel will keep a track of all the files which you are updating.
      Parcel is a File Watching Algorithm (written in C++) - Automatically it is running when we save

Parcel-cache:
            Parcel caches code all the time.
            When we run the application, a build is created which takes some time in ms.
            If we make any code changes and save the application, another build will be triggered which might take even less time than the previous build.
            This reduction of time is due to parcel cache.
            Parcel immediately loads the code from the cache every time there is a subsequent build.
            On the very first build parcel creates a folder .parcelcache where it stores the caches in binary codeformat.
            Parcel gives faster build, faster developer experience because of caching.


React Component :
    Its a normal javascript function which returns some piece of JSX
Component Composition : Composing component in one other component (Put 1 component in other component)

Config Driven UI : Our webiste is driven by data/config
Optional Chaining Operator : While accessing an object, if it null it won't throw an error instead of throwing an error it will display undefined.

2 types of Export and Import
    - Default Export/Import
        Ex: export default Component
            import Component from "path"
    - Named Export/Import
        Ex: export const var = value;
            import { var } from "path"

React Hooks ( Normal Javascript Utility Functions )
- useState() - Superpowerful state variables in react
    Definition : Whenever a state variable updates react re-renders the component.
    Whenever state variable updates, react triggers a reconciliation cycle(re-renders the component)


